# Connect-Four
Implementation of Connect Four with AI Player in Ocaml

To interact with our program, you would run the referee.ml file, which calls the function play_game, which runs the game interactively in the terminal. After you run the script, you have four options of what you want to do next. You could do two human players, human vs AI, AI vs human, or AI vs AI. After you select the option you would like, a human can make his/her move by entering the column number they would like to drop their piece in. From there on, all standard Connect Four rules follow. If you are playing against the AI, it might take a couple seconds to decide its optimal move.

There are three main parts to the Connect Four game. The referee, the game, and the player. The game is where all the necessary parts of the game lie, specifically representing the state of the game, the status of the game, the legal moves that can be made, a way to get to the next state of the game, how many players there are, a way to estimate the value of a state, and different functions for transitioning between internal and external representations. The player module is where a player interacts with the game, if it is a human player, when its there turn, they will be prompted to input a move. If it is an AI, it will analyze the current state of the game using a minimax algorithm to look five moves ahead, then decide which move is optimal based on estimations of how good the possible states are. The referee module is where the game is actually ran. It interacts with both players and keeps the game moving by getting moves from the players and advancing to the next state of the game until either one player wins, or it is a draw.
